gameplay-wise and I said card games on
motorcycles in space around the song
question it I'm questioning everything
right now here now to stop feeling you
haven't questioned is the size that he
was Bing we've questioned that a lot to
the point where justice yeah we have no
idea but how big it is well it's bigger
than Grandal oh yeah I was pretty that
was pretty cool so now he's smoking
Stardust oh yeah we're into the revving
up all our the Sun to burn it up that's
okay July oh I saw it start us to mini
start us that cute
hey everybody set for X here sorry for
releasing the commentary so late but I
wasn't feeling too well last week and
I've been really busy anyway I just want
to make the small little announcement
that I will be making all the
commentaries live exclusive
unfortunately from now on I'm not going
to make any more YouTube versions I want
to but you two doesn't exactly like that
just like they don't like anything I do
if you look at my wedding set for X
channel all the commentaries are gone
they've all been taken down by YouTube
like one info one of the first step the
part of the first episode that was taken
down by Kozma tidy that was it's totally
different and the other ones have been
took a dad through copyright clades
through way but that you that runs on
youtube and considering that i made the
what if separating that cat with the
intent of kind of getting suspended with
all stuff that might get me suspended
being put on there I'm not really gonna
bother to find it so all that we're
going to be flipped exclusive from
dialogue just because I really don't
want to go through this hassle anymore
and I will still post previews on my
channel so whenever there's a commentary
i will probably post a preview here's
just so you can see and we didn't look
we need a little bit different this week
two of our last week really last week we
did yugioh 5ds because we could really
five days excellent so on youtube sig
has a box have storm youtube and taken
up most of his exes up down so
unfortunately we didn't do it that last
week we will be doing zexal pretty soon
though whether it's on youtube or not
you will find a way anyway just wanted
you to know hope you enjoy our videos on
new HDX episodes will be coming soon and
i'll see you guys later bye